Resource optimisations 2 (#259)
nf-core/funcscan: CHANGELOG.md

- [#235](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/235) Renamed parameter `annotation_bakta_db` to `annotation_bakta_db_localpath`. (by @jasmezz)
- [#242](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/242) Fixed MACREL '.faa' issue that was generated when it was run on its own and upgraded MACREL from version `1.1.0` to `1.2.0` (by @Darcy220606)
- [#248](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/248) Applied best-practice `error("message")` to all (sub)workflow files. (by @jasmezz)

> - [#254](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/254) Further resource optimisation based on feedback from 'realworld' datasets (ongoing, reported by @alexhbnr and @Darcy220606, fix by @jfy133)

Author: ```suggestion
- [#254](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/254) Further resource optimisation based on feedback from 'real world' datasets (ongoing, reported by @alexhbnr and @Darcy220606, fix by @jfy133)
```

> - [#254](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/254) Further resource optimisation based on feedback from 'real world' datasets (ongoing, reported by @alexhbnr and @Darcy220606, fix by @jfy133)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#254](https://github.com/nf-core/funcscan/pull/254) Further resource optimisation based on feedback from 'real world' datasets. (ongoing, reported by @alexhbnr and @Darcy220606, fix by @jfy133)
```
